[MISMIS groans]
[ISKA]
Captain Mismis.
[MISMIS]
Huh?
[ISKA] Here. I bought you
that soda you like so much.
It might help.
Yay! It's ginger ale!
[ISKA chuckles]
Got some for you and Nene, too.
Figured we could use a break.
How kind of you.
Even bottles instead of cans.
Yeah. I didn't even
think about it.
Hey there, guys!
Wait, Mismis?
Where are you hiding at?
[MISMIS]
Risya?
[RISYA]
How's the prep going?
I trust you're not whining
about the materials
you have to memorize, are you?
Anyway, I'm really
calling to talk to Issy.
Could I pull you away
for a brief meeting?
Do you mean at your place?
Not quite.
At the Imperial Senate.
[GREAT APOSTLE A] Iska.
Successor of the Black Steel.
We reviewed your report.
[GREAT APOSTLE B] You fought
against the Ice Calamity Witch
and survived.
You are truly skilled.
[ISKA]
Thank you.
But I failed to
protect the reactor.
[GREAT APOSTLE A] The mission
we gave you was to defeat
a powerful enemy.
Not to protect the reactor.
[GREAT APOSTLE B] We now
know the Empire has the fighting
ability to hold off
our purebred foe.
That intelligence
alone is vital,
and well worth the cost
of our lost property.
We even discussed reinstating
you as a Saint Disciple.
I am honored.
[GREAT APOSTLE A] Your
determination toward attaining
peace is well known to us.
As a Saint Disciple,
you could gain an audience
with His Excellency.
[GREAT APOSTLE B] However, you
have been marked as criminal
within the Empire.
[GREAT APOSTLE A] We offer
one way to clear your name.
It's simple.
Bring in the Ice Calamity
Witch‐‐ alive.
[GREAT APOSTLE A]
We are counting on you.
[ALICE]
Tell me.
Why do you like this artist?
Hey, how old are you, anyway?
I'm older, though not by much.
[MISMIS] You want to skip
tomorrow's training session?
Are you not feeling well?
I have an errand. Over in Ein.
[MISMIS]
Oh?
Didn't you already
use Risya's ticket
to the art exhibition, though?
[ISKA] I'm not going there
to see the sights.
There's somebody
I'd like to meet with.
[MISMIS] And you want
me to cover for you.
Yes. You mind?
[MISMIS] I guess I can't say
no if you feel it's something
you have to do.
Thanks, Captain.
[MISMIS]
But under one condition.
I'm going with you tomorrow.
Look at the window.
Can you see your reflection?
I bet you look concerned.
I can't let a team member
in that condition
face the world alone.
It's my duty to
ensure your safety.
I get that.
Please, come with me.
[MISMIS]
I'd be happy to!
[ALICE]
Don't get the wrong idea.
This is to repay you
for showing me the way
to the museum.
Think nothing of it.
[RIN]
Lady Alice.
I have a dossier
on the swordsman.
Shall I read it to you?
[ALICE]
Uh, yes. Who is he?
[RIN]
A Saint Disciple.
That can't be.
[RIN] Apparently the youngest in
history to achieve the rank.
I've no doubt he's one of
the most dangerous soldiers
the Empire has ever created.
[ALICE] Then why didn't
I meet him before?
[RIN]
You never had the chance.
After his promotion,
he never set foot
on the battlefield.
He was stripped of his
title and imprisoned
for a year.
For what crime?
[RIN]
Treason.
Apparently, he freed an astral
mage who had been captured
by the Empire.
I don't understand.
It was obvious that
Iska was after me
in the Nelka forest.
This makes no sense.
Rin, find me the identity
of the astral mage
he set free.
[RIN]
I'm already on it, my Lady.
I'll need few more days.
Please be patient.
[MILLAVAIR] It seems you're
quite interested in this
enemy soldier.
[ALICE]
Mother!
[MILLAVAIR]
The Empire hates our kind.
It is a nation that views
us as monsters
whom they would
persecute into extinction.
They have been relentless
in the past.
Countless astral mages fell
victim to their cruelty.
The suffering they've
inflicted is unfathomable.
To defeat and overthrow
the Empire is the greatest
wish of the Sovereignty.
Imperial artists are
as bad as soldiers.
Witch hunts and witch trials
are often celebrated
in their paintings.
They, too, are pawns
of the Empire.
It is inexcusable to have them
on your walls and shelves.
[ALICE]
Of course, Mother.
[MILLAVAIR]
It's late,
so I'll leave you to
consider these truths.
I have taken enough
of your time.
Rin, are you there?
Yes.
What did Her Majesty need?
Lady Alice?
Make preparations to leave
first thing tomorrow morning.
We ride to Neutral City.
I must protest!
What if we bump into that
imperial swordsman again?
[ALICE]
I'm counting on that happening.
I want to know his
true intentions.
He will tell me.
[MISMIS]
Now that we're on the road,
care to tell me who it is
you've arranged to have
a special meeting with?
Actually... I have no plan.
Then why are we going?
[ISKA] I just get the
feeling she'll be there.
You know, I've never
really believed in fate
or destiny in the past.
But for some reason,
I'm positive we'll meet again.
What's your goal here?
A conversation.
There's something I want
to understand.
[MISMIS]
Look, an albatross!
That's unexpected!
Not many live in Empire
territory anymore.
Though, I think a few
villages on the outskirts
tame and train them
for different uses.
Captain, keep driving
until we get to the gate.
Then stop the car.
[MISMIS]
Um... Sure.
We obviously have a connection.
I wonder.
What kind of a star
were we born under?
Who is this?
My boss, Captain Mismis.
So.
You brought some backup
with you today.
Iska, quick question.
Who is the pretty girl?
A friend?
It's hard to‐‐
[ALICE] Allow me.
I can introduce myself.
Hello, soldier of the Empire.
My name is Alice.
Aliceliese Lou
Nebulis the Ninth.
Miss Alice?
Wait. You said Nebulis?
You know my other title.
Your people refer to me
as the Ice Calamity Witch.
No, no, that can't be right‐‐
what's going on?
It's crowded here. Follow me.
Sometimes when visiting
this Neutral City,
it's easy to forget the
hatred between our peoples.
I have a question for you.
One year ago, an Imperial
soldier was arrested
for treason.
Not just anyone,
but a Saint Disciple,
one of the nation's best.
You freed a mage.
Is that the truth?
Yes, it is.
[ALICE]
I want to know why.
That witch was
just a little girl.
Maybe 12 or 13,
with hardly any astral power.
Problem was...
the Empire didn't care.
They view every witch
as an enemy.
I'm not like that.
And yet you still
fight for them.
You came looking for me.
Your whole goal
was to take me down.
I know what I speak is fact.
But you expect me to believe
you freed this mage
because you pitied her?
[RIN]
Lost your voice?
What's wrong, swordsman?
[ISKA]
It's all true.
What?
[ISKA]
And my goal hasn't changed.
It's the same as
it was a year ago.
[ALICE]
What do you want?
[ISKA]
A peace treaty.
I want to end the war,
but the Empire's
not interested in my ideas.
As an enemy of the Sovereignty,
I'm certain your leaders
wouldn't entertain them either.
[ALICE]
Of course not.
[ISKA] So my plan is to
take a direct descendant
of Nebulis hostage.
A bargaining chip.
A powerful astral mage,
or purebred,
as the Empire calls them.
With you in danger,
the Nebulis Sovereignty would
be forced to listen to us.
Your people would
be concerned for you.
At that time,
we could start
peace negotiations.
I do think you're being
honest with me.
But you're wrong.
That plan would never work.
[ISKA]
Why not?
You could take me
as a hostage right now.
Mother would not react.
This war would continue
to rage on.
Peace is nothing
but foolish dream.
You've never been to
the Sovereignty before.
You have no idea how
much the people there
loathe your kind.
We're raised that way.
That said...
I never knew there
were people like you
in the Empire.
I find it quite the shock.
Within your barbaric,
warmongering nation,
I would not have expected
soldiers who fight
for the end of this conflict.
Yes.
I think I understand
you better now, Iska.
Hence... You should
serve under me!
What's that?
Wait, Lady Alice,
please think about this!
You don't know what
you're suggesting!
This is not what we discussed.
How could you say
something so blasphemous?
The thought just came to me.
What you're suggesting
is insane!
Please. What would
your sisters think?
To say nothing of Her Majesty,
who would never agree to‐‐
[ALICE] We'll deal with those
problems when they arise.
I'll guarantee you a
position in our ranks.
All you have to do is
defect from the Empire.
Please. Iska, wait.
An attack?
Rin. What's this?
[RIN] I don't know, but my
astral power is startled
as well.
The sky.
Captain, fall back!
[THE FOUNDER]
The treacherous.
Astral sword.
Wretched blade of the star.
It's the... Founder.
[MISMIS]
No way.
Iska, did she just
say the Founder?
[ISKA] I think that's what
we're looking at, Captain.
The Grand Witch
Nebulis is alive.
She didn't die 100 years ago
when she turned the Empire
into a sea of flames.
No fair!
This is an ambush and
there's only two of us!
No, please!
I didn't do anything!
The Empire. So corrupted.
You ruin this planet
and its astral power.
All of you must perish!
Obliterate them.
[ALICE, ISKA grunt]
Astral power is resonating.
I can feel it.
What is the meaning of this?
[MILLAVAIR gasps]
The Founder is gone.
But then... That's good news.
With her power on our side,
the Empire's defeat is imminent.
Captain? Are you okay?
Thank God.
I thought the Founder
was your ally.
Why would she
attack you as well?
[RIN] We call her the Founder
because she created our nation.
The depths of her powers
are unknown, though.
It would be sheer arrogance
to call her an ally.
Still, why would
she attack Alice,
one of her own descendants?
[ALICE] It's the astral power's
auto defense system.
Though, I don't know
what it's reacting to.
[RIN]
Lady Alice!
How frustrating.
[ISKA]
That's your response?
You see...
It was my hope that we
could settle this matter
between the two of us.
Ever since I met
you at the opera,
I've had this confusion
inside of me.
But I have duties as a princess.
I came here today
to quell that feeling.
I was actually
looking forward to it.
For once I could
handle things without
other people meddling.
On my own accord as I saw fit.
Then, of all people,
the stupid Founder
waltzes in to interrupt
us and ruin things!
[RIN]
You can't call her that!
[MISMIS]
What?
[ISKA]
Captain!
Simply standing here
won't solve anything!
Stand back.
You must stop!
Please, Founder!
An astral mage has the
audacity to get in my way?
If you are joining
forces with the Empire...
Oh, no!
...then you will die
along with them.
Rin, no!
[ALICE]
Rin! Wake up!
Come on, answer me!
Rin! Open your eyes! Please!
[ISKA]
Alice. I have an idea.
Iska?
Encase her body in your ice.
Your power can save her.
Captain.
Take her to the hospital.
If you can, find an astral
injury specialist to help.
Huh? But Iska...
[ISKA]
The city is in danger.
Sound the alarm.
Evacuate the residents.
Get them far away
from this area.
[MISMIS]
Right. On it.
[ALICE]
I'm sorry about this.
[ISKA]
Don't be.
[THE FOUNDER] Are those the
swords that have awakened me?
Those blades belong
to Crossweil.
Crossweil?
How is it you know my Master?
I see. You're his pupil.
No matter.
You cannot possibly
stand against me.
Betrayer who has chosen
to side with the Empire.
Scream for mercy.
It will not absolve
you from your sins.
You're also an astral mage, but
didn't hesitate to attack Rin.
You hurt her.
You're no longer
the Sovereignty's hero!
A hero?
You can't rely on an idea
like that to save the world.
I will become so much more
and destroy the Empire.
Nebulis. All this time.
The astral witches always
hoped for your return‐‐
that it might preserve them.
But they were wrong.
Seeing you here now,
I understand.
In this era...
...you're needed no longer!
[THE FOUNDER]
Imperial soldier. Astral mage.
‐‐You two will‐‐
‐‐[ISKA, ALICE] Shut up!
Your actions are hollow
and meaningless.
This is our world. Not yours.
There is no need
for your presence.
It's time for you to go back to
sleep for another hundred years.
[THE FOUNDER]
Lapdog of the empire.
You have no idea
how many astral mages
were oppressed by your kind.
Be on guard.
[THE FOUNDER]
Die.
Fire, ice, and earth, as well?
Quick! Jump!
Ice Calamity!
Feel this planet's wrath.
You have to let me go!
Otherwise...
[ISKA grunts]
Don't you realize
we feel the same way?
Alice, you're upset because
Rin was hurt, I know.
And we can't negotiate
peace if the Founder
is rampaging through the land.
This is neither the Empire
nor the Sovereignty's fight.
It's neutral territory.
We share the same goal.
That's all that matters.
Join me!
Is this really happening?
Can I trust you?
Ice Calamity:
Flooding Snow Lights!
Launch. Stars of Ice!
Attack!
So aves cal pile.
[ALICE yells]
Crawl the earth
like a pathetic worm.
That's what you are.
[ISKA grunts]
Keep running!
I'll make a path!
[ISKA]
You're mine!
[THE FOUNDER]
Insolence!
You have no idea
the hatred I have
for the Empire‐‐
Your vendetta brought
about this conflict!
You're the reason nobody
can stop fighting
this damn war!
[THE FOUNDER]
Silence!
Alice, now!
Ice Blossom!
It can't be!
[ISKA yells]
[ISKA]
Go back to sleep, Nebulis!
The next time you
decide to wake up,
the world will be better.
If only slightly.
[ISKA] Alice, about
what you said before.
Yes?
[ISKA] I can't just convert
to your side.
Oh. Right, of course.
Then... You and I
will remain at odds.
But... I do have an idea.
[ALICE]
Okay.
A truce.
I'm way too tired to fight you.
No objections here.
Only for today.
I know.
Tomorrow, we're back to being
mortal enemies once again.
[ISKA]
All right.